Clean version of timer docs (#1607)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/app-dev-context/timers.md

---
id: timers
title: What is a Timer?
description: A Timer lets a Workflow sleep for a fixed time period.
sidebar_label: Timers
tags:
  - guide-context
  - timers
  - sleep
---

A Workflow can set a durable timer for a fixed time period.

> In some SDKs, the function is called `timer()`, and in others, it's called `sleep()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some SDKs, the function is called `sleep()`, and in others, it's called `timer()`.
```

Looks like sleep is more common, so putting first

A Workflow can sleep for months.

> Even if your Worker crashes or your Temporal Cluster goes down, Timers are persisted and will fire as set.
> As soon as your Worker and Cluster are running, your code resumes where it left off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timers are persisted, so even if your Worker or Temporal Cluster is down when the time period completes, as soon as your Worker and Cluster are back up, the `sleep()` call will resolve and your code will continue executing.
```
